src/plugins/README.md, before:

# Status of Plugins for GNU TeXmacs

| Plugin | Status | Last Checker | Date |
|--------|--------|-----------------|------|
| asymptote | Asymptote 2.44 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| axiom  | broken    | @sadhen         | 2018-10-14 |
| cadabra | Cadabra 1.46 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| dratex | It works fine, documentation needed | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| fricas | FriCAS 1.3.4 on MacOS and GNU/Linux | @sadhen         | 2018-10-14 |
| giac | Giac 1.2.3.57 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| graphviz | broken | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| macaulay2 | Macaulay 2 v1.12 on MacOS | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| maxima    | Maxima 5.41 on GNU/Linux and MacOS| @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| pari      | PARI/GP 2.9.5 on GNU/Linux, PARI/GP 2.11.0 on MacOS | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| sage  | SageMath 8.3 on MacOS, SageMath 8.1 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| yacas | Yacas 1.3.6 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |

Python, Shell, Scheme should always work.

Commit message:

Check on eukleides, feynmf, gnuplot, scilab, xypic
git-svn-id: svn://svn.savannah.gnu.org/texmacs/trunk@11278 64cb5145-927a-446d-8aed-2fb7b4773692

src/plugins/README.md, after:

# Status of Plugins for GNU TeXmacs

| Plugin | Status | Last Checker | Date |
|--------|--------|-----------------|------|
| asymptote | Asymptote 2.44 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| axiom  | broken    | @sadhen         | 2018-10-14 |
| cadabra | Cadabra 1.46 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| dratex | It works fine, documentation needed | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| eukleides | Eukleides 1.5.4 on GNU/Linux gstopng failed for ramdisc://image.ps | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| feynmf | broken | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| fricas | FriCAS 1.3.4 on MacOS and GNU/Linux | @sadhen         | 2018-10-14 |
| gnuplot | Gnuplot 5.2.2 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| giac | Giac 1.2.3.57 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| graphviz | broken | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| macaulay2 | Macaulay 2 v1.12 on MacOS | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| maxima    | Maxima 5.41 on GNU/Linux and MacOS| @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| pari      | PARI/GP 2.9.5 on GNU/Linux, PARI/GP 2.11.0 on MacOS | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |
| sage  | SageMath 8.3 on MacOS, SageMath 8.1 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| scilab | broken | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| xypic | It works fine on GNU/Linux | @sadhen | 2018-10-14 |
| yacas | Yacas 1.3.6 on GNU/Linux | @sadhen        | 2018-10-14 |

Python, Shell, Scheme should always work.
